clarify webp image format support on safari (#30039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/media/formats/image_types/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

> > **Note:** Despite Apple [announcing support for WebP in Safari 14](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2020/10663/?time=1174), Safari versions earlier than 16.0 don't display `.webp` images successfully on macOS desktop versions earlier than 11/Big Sur. Safari for iOS 14 _does_ display `.webp` images successfully.

Reviewer: I went ahead and crafted a potential note here:
```suggestion
> **Note:** On Safari for MacOS, WebP support depends on both Safari and MacOS versions. You need Safari 14 or later as well as MacOS Big Sur (11) or a more recent version.
```

Reviewer: @jasonren0403, have a look (and eventually commit the suggestion), then re-request review by @pepelsbey.

Reviewer 2: @teoli2003 officially, it’s macOS, starting with lowercase “m”.

Reviewer: Fixed. (I hate brands that doesn't start with a capital, but…)

Author: seems good 🤔
